Ugh!
You know. of all
the Evelyns I've seen...
you're definitely one of
the more interesting ones.
What do you want from me?
Here.
Let me help you
open up your mind. huh?
Hmm?
- Oh!
- Here.
Open up.
It's OK.
Take a peek.
Oh. shit.
What is that?
I got bored one day
and I put everything on a bagel.
Everything.
All my hopes and dreams.
my old report cards.
every breed of dog.
every last personal ad
on craigslist.
Sesame.
Poppy seed.
Salt.
And it collapsed in on itself.
'Cause. you see.
when you really put
everything on a bagel.
it becomes this.
Come on. Run. Evelyn.
The truth.
What is the truth?
Nothing...
matters.
No. Joy.
You don't believe that.
Feels nice. doesn't it?
If nothing matters...
then all the pain
and guilt you feel
for making nothing
of your life...
it goes away.
♪ Sucked
♪ Into
♪ A bagel. ♪
No!
- Ah Ba?
I'm not your father.
At least not the one you know.
I am Alpha Gong Gong.
- Huh!
- Not you too!
Sir. what are you doing here?
We need to go. Just follow me.
Sir. I have this under control.
Again.
you deliberately disobey me
and cause another mind
to be compromised.
And now you know
what we must do.
No! Please.
She's unlike anything
we've seen.
She could finally stop
Jobu Tupaki.
You mean the monster
that is inside my daughter?
Well. why didn't you tell me
about it earlier?
What else are you Alpha people
not telling me?
Did you see her
dance that man to death?
There is no way I am
the Evelyn you are looking for.
No. I see it so clearly.
See what?
I'm no good at anything.
Exactly.
I've seen thousands of Evelyns.
but never an Evelyn like you.
You have so many goals
you never finished.
dreams you never followed.
You're living your worst you.
I cannot be the worst.
What about that hot dog one?
No. Can't you see?
Every failure here
branched off into a success
for another Evelyn
in another life.
Most people only
have a few significant
alternate life paths
so close to them.
But you. here.
you're capable of anything
because you're so bad
at everything.
What good is all that power
when her mind
is already succumbing
to that chaos. huh?
Hello?
Hello? Mom. Dad?
What's going on?
No. Do not answer her.
It's one of her tricks.
Sir. our readings indicate
it's not Jobu Tupaki.
But if she's not here...
Oh. shit!
Do not engage! Run! Run!
Watch these two here
while I deal with Jobu.
I'm not risking the safety
of the Alphaverse for this.
Get us as far away
from Joy as you can.
- Why?
- I'll be back. I promise.
No. no. no. wait.
Why don't you...
Huh?
- Hello?
- Joy?
- No. no... That's not...
- Joy's here!
- No. no. no. that's not Joy.
- Hello?
- Joy? Joy. I'm coming.
- Let me in.
OK. be patient! This is heavy.
- Joy. why are you here?
- I have no fucking clue!
- Hey. gentle language!
- Just what is going on?
I'm sure there's a very good
explanation for all of this...
What the fuck. Mom?!
What the fuck are you doing?
But... she's too powerful.
Are we all having a stroke?
You are like puppets.
You know? Puppets?
You can do things
you normally cannot do.
It's like that movie.
Um. you... you... That movie...
OK. what are you talking about?
- A movie?
- 'Raccaccoonie'!
- What?
- Huh?
'Raccaccoonie'. you know?
The one with the chef...
And he makes bad food. Phooey.
And then this raccoon
sit on his head.
ooh. control him.
and then he cooks good food.
Do you mean 'Ratatouille'?
'Ratatouille'?
I like that movie.
No. No. no. no. no. no.
'Raccaccoonie'!
With the raccoon.
- OK...
- Raccoon?
Everybody.
stop making up sounds!
So there's a raccoon Joy.
and there's a raccoon me?
And they are controlling us?
Yeah. from the other universes.
- Oh. OK.
- That's very funny. Evelyn.
OK. it sounds a little bit
ridiculous. but it's true.
I swear to God. you...
You are macho man.
- I like that!
- Oh. yeah.
Hey. honey. don't worry.
- Daddy will get you out of this.
- Ah Ba?
Quickly.
while she is distracted.
- No.
- It's only protocol.
It gives her one
less universe to access.
God...
- Can you...
- Oh. it's Becky.
Hi. Becky. Hold on.
How do you expect to defeat
her in every universe
if you can't even
kill her in one?
Hey. babe.
She's your granddaughter.
How do you think I feel?
But this is a sacrifice
that is necessary
to win the war.
OK. there we go.
You must do it.
Go.
Yeah. my mom
taped me to a chair.
Uh. because of raccoons.
- OK. be patient.
- Yeah. it's a long story.
- Daddy's trying to...
- It's been a day.
Mom?
I don't like this at all.
What are you...
what are you doing?
Hey! I almost had it.
Oh. come on!
You are already under her spell.
Holy shit!
Holy shit. he has a gun!
Everyone. stay calm!
I think it's time
for a family discussion!
It's OK. it's OK. it's OK.
I won't let you kill her.
Don't you see what
is happening to your mind?
In my universe.
you pushed your own daughter
too hard until you broke her.
You...
you created Jobu Tupaki.
When did he get
so good at English?
Now I must stop you.
Otherwise. it's only
a matter of time
before you become just like her.
Just like her?
- Huh?
- What the fuck are you doing?
Evelyn. I don't think now
is a good time to dance!
Baba.
I know you don't agree with me.
but this is something
I have to do.
- What the...
- That sounds weird.
No. no. no...
- OK.
- Wait!
You don't know
where you'll jump.
Enough!
Warning. Unstable.
Please.
I cannot lose another
loved one to the darkness.
- Warning. Unstable.
- Don't worry. You won't.
Hey. uh. clean up
in there. alright?
Here. Oh!
Where did she jump?!
Sorry. Ah Ba.
- Whoa!
- OK!
- Come on. come on. come on!
- Jesus. Mom!
- That way!
- Oh. no!
- Oh. my God!
- Come on. come on!
- Oh!
- No!
Warning. mind fracturing.
Send every Jumper with
a counterpart in the area.
Now!
Once again.
the Alphaverse finds itself
as the last line of defence
against total chaos.
Be brave. This Evelyn
is as stubborn as the others.
She has given us no choice.
We must kill her before she
becomes another Jobu Tupaki.
- Joy.
- Oh. what?
Joy... Joy...
I know you have these feelings.
feelings that make you so sad.
That makes you just...
just want to give up.
It's not your fault.
Not your fault.
I know.
It's... it's her.
Juju Chewbacca.
She has your soul...
in the palm of her hand.
What are you talking about?
The only way I can
defeat her to save you...
is to become like her.
Evelyn!
Your daughter is beyond saving.
And soon you will be too.
Your time is up.
Find your jumping pads.
♪ Ave Maria... ♪
Mom? Mom?
I think
you're pushing things too far.
Or not far enough.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Evelyn?
- Ugh!
- Oh. my God.
Oh!
What are you doing?!
Mom!
Arggh!
Ohh!
Holy... shit.
Is he dead?
See. not dead. Go!
- That's definitely not...
- Hurry up. please. Go quick!
OK. come on. guys.
Dad. go!
Oh. my God.
Does my baby
want to go for a walk?
Yow!
No!
Oh. Johnny! Oh!
Orange soda?
- Huh?
- What is she doing?
I think when
she does something weird
it helps her fight.
it gives her power.
Sorry. baby.
Ask her for another one.
No! Johnny!
Fried egg?
You... bitch.
Go!
Huh?
Oh...
Evelyn. if you don't step up.
I'm giving some
of your shifts to Chad.
Yeah!
- Oh. my God!
- Oh. good one!
I got a picture!
Go.
Stop...
- Huh? What happened?
- You stop!
I think they lost their...
- Stop it!
- ..powers?
Sir?
I am gonna need
another jumping pad.
Received information. Over.
I think she needs to do
something weird again.
What's he doing?
Oh. my God. He's trying
to stick it in his butt.
No!
- No. no. no!
- Ah... No!
Ah. Evelyn. do jumping Jacks!
That's not weird at all.
Um... Slap him!
No. no. no. no!
Mom. just blow on his nose!
What?
It'll make him involuntarily
scream and do weird noises.
Trust her. Evelyn!
It's really weird.
Wow. Mom is really good.
Huh!
Sorry.
Oh!
Arggh!
Ahh!
Reaching mental capacity.
Holy shit!
- Ow!
- I'm sorry. Evelyn.
- Mind fracturing.
- We'll die together.
Pinky... Arggh!
- Get her. I see her.
- Let's go!
Evelyn!
Evelyn. Evelyn!
Whoa. whoa!
No need to explain.
I have been watching you.
You're back!
Did you see how good I am?
I'm gonna do it.
I am going to defeat
that Jobu Tupaki.
Hey. You got her name right.
Evelyn. what you're doing
is crazy. reckless.
Your stupid plan to somehow
save your daughter
has managed to piss off
everyone in the multiverse.
But it just might work.
What? What?
I only wish I could be there
to see you finish this.
What do you mean.
you don't see me finish?
I'm grateful
that chance was kind enough
to let us have these
last few moments together.
Alpha Waymond?
What happened?
Was I Raccoon Waymond again?
Raccoon Waymond is dead.
Is that Raccoon Joy?
Am I getting it?
I can to stop you. Jobu...
now that I am reaching
my full potential.
Oh. you still can't see
what's happening.
No. I see clearly.
More clearly than ever before.
Oh. my God! Evelyn.
Oh. my God!
Damn it. So close.
Evelyn? Evelyn?
Please help her.
I'll see you again soon.
♪ Somewhere out there
♪ In all that noise... ♪
Don't leave! Help her. please!
Help! Help!
Where is she?
Where's our daughter?
Daughter?
♪ We're family
♪ We're a family
- ♪ Culinarily.
- Chad: ♪ Culinarily
♪ Now we're cooking... ♪
- Oh. Raccaccoonie.
- ♪ When nobody's lookin'... ♪
I don't know
what I'd do without you.
Raccaccoonie?
Yeah. we make
a pretty good team.
♪ Culinarily... ♪
- Oh. no!
- Uh...
You... you can't tell anyone.
She's seen too much.
You know what that means.
- Get her! Get her!
- No. no. I'm begging you.
- No. no!
- Get her! Get her!
- No. I... No. No!
- Please.
- Get her!
- Just go! Just go!
What do you want?
I want you.
No!
Stop that!
Oh!
- Oh!
- Stay back!
This is wrong!
- This is wrong!
- What? It's not wrong!
I... I'm late.
I can think of whatever nonsense
I want and somewhere...
I did it.
Huh?
Don't forget these cookies.
Miss Deirdre really likes them.
Come on.
Hi. Mrs Wang.
Hey. Mom.
So. about this morning...
- Enough with your tricks.
- What?
- I know you're in there.
- Whoa.
- Get out of my daughter.
- OK!
Mom. are you already drunk?
- Hey. Becky.
- Mmm-hmm?
Can you go help my dad
with the party?
Now?
- Yeah.
- Go. Becky.
Go. Go.
Thanks. babe.
You see it all. don't you?
You can see
how everything...
is just a random rearrangement
of particles
in a vibrating superposition.
I have no idea
what you are talking about.
But I can do this.
Huh?
But you see...
how everything we do...
Huh?
Gets washed away in a sea
of every other possibility?
You're everywhere.
You're like me.
That's right.
I'm the one you're looking for.
I'm the one
who's going to defeat you.
OK.
Hit me.
Punch my face.
Oh...
Oh! Ow! Ow!
- Oh. stop!
- Wow.
Hi. Dad.
We're... we're just practising
karaoke for tonight.
♪ La-la-la! ♪
I will take care of it!
- She'll take care of it. Dad.
- Go.
- Honey. you OK?
- It's OK.
- Go!
- Yeah. I just fell on the couch.
Go!
OK.
Oh.
- Ow...
- He's so sweet.
OK.
Hey. hey. buddy!
If you don't want
to fight me. then...
- Why?
- Why what?
What... what's all this for?
Why was I looking for you?
Yeah.
Sit down.
Sit down. grab a snack.
make yourself comfortable. huh?
- Oh. hey. you OK?
- OK.
Mmm. We can speed this up.
Sit on the crack.
Sit on the crack
of the couch. OK?
Get comfortable.
Bagel.
Please. I don't care
about the bagel.
I don't care
about the Alphaverse.
I only care about my Joy.
Give me back my daughter
and I'll leave you
alone forever.
Sorry! No can do.
Why not?
I am your daughter.
Your daughter is me.
Every version of Joy
is Jobu Tupaki.
- You can't separate us.
- No.
I have felt everything
your daughter has felt.
And I know the joy...
and the pain of having you
as my mother.
Then you know I would do...
Only do the right thing
for her. for you.
'Right' is a tiny box invented
by people who are afraid
and I know what it feels like
to be trapped inside that box.
Mom...
No. it's not like that.
It's Gong Gong.
He's a different generation.
You don't have to hide
behind him anymore.
You should feel relieved.
The bagel will show you
the true nature of things.
You'll be free from that box.
just like me.
No. no. I'm not like you.
You're young and your mind
is always changing.
I still know who I am.
You have no idea
what you've done.
You're stuck like this forever.
No. I'm going back with my Joy.
to my family. to live my life.
A happy life.
OK.
Good luck with that.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you. Thank your father.
All this time...
I wasn't looking for you
so I could kill you.
I was just looking for someone
who could see what I see.
Feel what I feel.
And that someone...
is you.
Evelyn!
- You're alive!
- Impossible.
- Hello?
- Mrs Wang?
Where... where are you?
I mean. to not even show up
for your appointment?!
Shut up.
What did you just say?
I said shut up.
You don't matter.
Whatever I did. I'm sorry.
Nothing matters.
Mrs Wang!
You are gonna
be in serious trouble!
Do you understand?
For you to disrespect...
Happy New Year!
Another year. hmm?
Pretending we know
what we're doing.
but. really. we're just going
around in circles.
Doing laundry and taxes.
and laundry and taxes.
- No more running.
- Excuse me.
Where are the owners? Oh.
There you are. Mr and Mrs Wang.
You have left me no option
but to authorise the seizure
of your personal
and your business assets.
- You have to vacate...
- Wait. Evelyn!
It's just so good. you know?
What are you doing? No! No!
My God. Chad. I told
you she couldn't be trusted!
Evelyn. please! Calm down.
Within 48 hours or...
Everything...
Ugh!
What are you doing?
Not a single moment will go by
without every other universe
screaming for your attention.
Never fully there.
Just a lifetime of...
No. no!
Fractured moments.
Raccaccoonie!
Contradictions and confusion...
- Get off me!
- Chad. don't forget about me.
Here are the papers.
- Oh! Oh. officer?
- OK. OK.
With only a few specks of time
where anything
actually makes any sense.
I've always hated this place.
Raccaccoonie!
Chad!
Get off me! Get off!
Evelyn. why?!
Do you know why
I actually built the bagel?
It wasn't to destroy everything.
It was to destroy myself.
I wanted to see if I went in.
could I finally escape?
Like. actually die.
At least this way...
I don't have to do it alone.
You're not listening.
This is out of my league...
Judge Brenner signed...
Well. excuse me!
Excuse me. Mr Wang.
Every person I know
is going through a hard time.
- It's a hard time...
- Evelyn!
Come back.
My silly husband.
Probably making things worse.
Ignore it.
OK. you can let her go.
You. let her go. It's OK. Yes!
Thank you.
How? That's impossible.
It's just
a statistical inevitability.
It's nothing special.
I don't know.
I just talked to her.
Please!
Can we...
can we just stop fighting?
I know you are all fighting
because you're scared
and confused.
I'm confused too.
All day...
I don't know
what the heck is going on.
But somehow...
this feels like
it's all my fault.
I don't know.
The only thing I do know...
is that we have to be kind.
Please.
Be kind...
especially when
we don't know what's going on.
Hey. Evelyn!
Bagel.
Evelyn...
You can still turn around
and avoid all this.
Please...
be kind.
It's too late. Waymond.
Don't say that.
Did you see that?
Ooh! Ooh-ooh! Ooh!
- Huh! Found it!
- Check this!
What song is this?
Thanks. Thank you for coming.
That's very funny.
- Yeah. that's it?
- Yeah!
I'm sorry too.
Oh!
So cute!
Come on. Evelyn.
Come on.
Oh.
I get it.
Feeling a good thing.
You got your hopes up.
So I'm here
to save you some time.
Eventually...
that all just goes away.
Just goes away.
Come on.
I don't care
if you come with me.
Enjoy your life.
Ugh!
Evelyn! Evelyn. please!
No more!
I don't want to hurt you.
Joy. come back with me.
Joy! Joy!
What did my silly husband
say to you?
He told me about your situation.
I remembered when my husband
served me papers.
I drove his Kia Forte
through my neighbour's kitchen.
Huh!
But you know what I say?
It's called.
"Unlovable bitches like us..."
"Make the world go 'round."
Don't stop playing.
Play something for me.
That's not true.
- You're not unlovable.
- You're not unlovable!
What are you talking about?
There is always
something to love.
Even in a stupid.
stupid universe
where we have
hot dogs for fingers.
we'd get very good
with our feet.
Oh!
- See?
- OK.
I feel nothing.
I... I feel...
I feel...
Don't let her stop Jobu!
Open fire!
So stupid!
Evelyn?
What are you doing?
I'm learning to fight like you.
You know. Evelyn. my wife
used to wear
that exact same perfume.
God rest her soul.
These are direct indications
that there's some impingement
of the nervous system.
With a little bit of help.
we could be seeing things
nice and straight.
You might feel a little sore.
but everything
is looking pretty good.
Thank you.
Clean up in there. alright?
Hah!
You took everything
away from me.
I'm sorry.
Raccaccoonie taught me so much!
I... I didn't even know
how to boil an egg
and he taught me
how to spin it on a spatula.
I'm useless alone.
We're all useless alone.
It's a good thing
you're not alone.
Oh!
Let's go rescue
your silly raccoon.
Oh. we're gonna do it!
Arggh!
Oh-ho-ho!
Get out of the way!
Waymond!
See?
It's only a matter of time
before everything
balances itself out.
- Come on. come on. come on!
- I can't.
I'm sorry. Raccaccoonie!
I'm sorry!
Evelyn. let her go.
But she turned out
to be stubborn.
aimless. a mess.
Just like her mother.
But now I see.
It's OK that she's a mess.
Because just like me...
Huh.
Well. maybe you win
in this universe.
but in another time...
I beat you!
Ohh!
Or we tie!
Or we just...
hang around.
OK. Joy. listen.
Because it's all
just a pointless
swirling bucket of bullshit.
Huh!
That bagel is where
we finally find peace. Evelyn.
Stop calling me Evelyn!
I
Am.
Your
mother!
Ah Ba?
Seriously?
Can you please just...
stop?!
Mom.
Just... just stop.
Good for you.
You're figuring your shit out.
And that's great. I'm really.
really happy for you.
But I'm...
I'm tired.
I don't want to hurt anymore.
And for some reason
when I'm with you. it just...
it just hurts the both of us.
So let's just go
our separate ways. OK?
Just let me go.
OK.
Wait.
You are getting fat.
And you never call me
even though we have
a family plan.
- What?
- And it's free.
You only visit
when you need something.
And you got a tattoo
and I don't care
if it's supposed
to represent our family.
You know I hate tattoos.
And of all the places
I could be.
why would I want
to be here with you?
Yes. you're right.
It doesn't make sense.
Evelyn!
Let her finish.
Maybe it's like you said.
Maybe there is
something out there.
some new discovery
that will make us feel
like even smaller
pieces of shit.
Something that explains why
you still went looking for me
through all of this noise.
And why.
no matter what.
I still want
to be here with you.
I will always...
always...
want to be here with you.
So what? You...
You're just gonna
ignore everything else?
You could be anything. anywhere.
Why not go somewhere
where your...
where your daughter
is more than just...
this?
Here. all we get
are a few specks of time
where any of this
actually makes any sense.
Then I will Cherish
these few specks of time.
You push the button.
Yeah. there you go.
I feel like I'm 14.
Yeah.
You're a crazy woman!
Takes one to know one.
I'm sorry. Raccaccoonie!
I'm sorry!
- What are you doing?
- Grab my hair.
What did he say?
♪ We're a family... ♪
♪ Family... ♪
This is so awkward.
This is awkward. right?
Do you still want
to do your party?
We can do whatever we want.
Nothing matters.
OK. we're definitely
late now. guys.
Do you have to bring all these?
Mmm-hmm.
That needs to go in the bag too.
Taxes suck.
Thank you for the ride. Becky!
Hey. it's good.
Mmm-hmm. You got this. OK?
- Becky?
- I'll call you after.
You need to grow your hair.
Wow.
I'll call you later!
Hurry. hurry!
I gotta pee. Hold on.
OK. Hurry.
OK. Yes.
I am happy to say I do think
things are better.
This is... this is
an improvement.
And I'm glad that you listened.
But we have a problem
because you listened.
but you didn't listen
and that has to do
with the Schedule C.
You see. you did...
Evelyn! Did you hear me?
Sorry. What did you say?
♪ This is a life
♪ Free from destiny
♪ Not only what we sow
♪ Not only what we show
♪ Ooh
♪ This is a life
♪ Every possibility
♪ Free from destiny
♪ I choose you and you choose me
♪ Not only what we sow
♪ Every space and every time
♪ Not only what we show
♪ What we know
♪ This is a light
♪ Many lives that could've been
♪ Free from entropy
♪ Entangled for eternity
♪ Not only hands and toes
♪ Not only what we've known
♪ We find
♪ This life
♪ Somehow
♪ Alright
♪ This is a life
♪ Slow and sudden miracles
♪ View of other worlds
♪ From our windowsills
♪ With the weight
♪ Of eternity
♪ At the speed of light
♪ This is a life
♪ This is our life. ♪
♪ I love you. I love you
♪ I love you
♪ I love
♪ You
♪ Ohh! ♪